[IOTDB-848] support order by time asc/desc (#1650)
apache/incubator-iotdb: docs/UserGuide/Operation Manual/DML Data Manipulation Language.md

The execution result of this SQL statement is as follows:
<center><img style="width:100%; max-width:800px; max-height:600px; margin-left:auto; margin-right:auto; display:block;" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13203019/51577450-dcfe0800-1ef4-11e9-9399-4ba2b2b7fb73.jpg"></center>

#### Order By Time Query

> IoTDB supports the 'order by time' statement after 0.10.x, it's used to display results in descending order by time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IoTDB supports the 'order by time' statement since 0.11, it's used to display results in descending order by time.
```
